we are back
really, what do you think we 're going to do
apple this is the end is the dessert and
it's a good hour when it comes to the truth
we send ourselves if we need enough
come let's see first pear - the
ingredients we do not see the ingredients
of this apple ham for this
recipe let's use a thing of
urine half a cup of refined sugar
half a cup of brown sugar 200 grams
of butter at room temperature and
in cubes and 4 peeled apples can be
red apple or granny apple the one you
I want that perfect and the oven 180
degrees you hear in what we do the
mix let's make I want me to
talk more about this roll that I
aesthetic apart was saying something of
what are you practicing right now
picture something about him
and food as your way of healing
as you look more than how to heal yourself
making a recipe serves as therapy
occupational and is to give you a taste
same then one of the rules that I
I always use in the kitchen and I'm
in my classes is if there is something that you do not
you like you do not have to cook it
because you're never going to be left with something
I never cook, I do not like it, it's liver
to me you put to cook liver'm not going
I do not even know the touch, I'm going to do it
reluctantly and it does not give you happiness I've
tried it we tried it but doing it I have
I tried to make a new one but I did not
it's because you do not like the good thing
we have flour flour butter and
Sugar sauces sugary sugars but
What we do is mix everything with the
hands ok
until there is one
like a little cake that is what we are going to
put up the apples that's why
it's called cromwell thrombi are crumbs
that gives a thrombus the sweet is where it says
this dish is of English origin
introduced in the USA by the pioneers and
it is something very well very practical indeed
they already do it in the schools the children and
is what they start with but for
motor skills to children is also
good if it's like playing with masitas
flower pot
in toronto in toronto makes our boyfriend
those Canadians are going to us
surprise because we have more surprises
of the surprises of
cantinflas is custom here and everything
world has its dictionary directly
is already the dictionary is more could I take out
a person when he says is because of a
recipe
and look already two more this since already
they saw the texture
this goes into the oven with so much will tell us
which is an excellent exfoliant
so it's good to wash your hands
before you start doing
- Now we give you one off
I'm putting the apples if you have
some accommodation in special
yes, if it is delicious, the apples are
great to me I love it first if
they have a lot and hey what do you do
see you tell me your technique your teeth for
that the apples do not turn black and
I expose lemon puts lemon on them
I also put this lemon of people
that you soak them in ice water
and I also know of people who put them with
Milk this but I also how do you
they put vinegar like you put vinegar
yes with vinegar any means like that
neutralizer is good so that it does not
do they were the most ways here the
parts
if this that follows I did it well if very
all right
ok is the final buster we put this the
part of top of them crumble this
monument and the apple no longer takes
sugar , I've got more eyes
recipe I like it costs and for
what because they carry less than half
or less than half the sugar that
I have seen in other recipes that is very
good data because then the excess
Sugar is not good for health is that
sugar in general is not good for
health is not that this recipe is fatal
you can customize it you can put
cinnamon vanilla
moscada digs the juice of the orange
radiating lacquer sparks of chocolate
chocolates whatever you want but the
gonz치lez is not is ready today is that
It's great that we do not put it in
oven
and so long we leave it to 180 25
minutes depending on the oven or
until the top of the city
doradilla now well to see I'm going to
put in for you to wear your little sister
that if someone wanted to take courses
with you where we can find you
today maybe here is always by mail
electronic also your mail
electronic for this co-religionist
adri치n networks script under alcal치
hotmail.com already has the solution to all
your problems here the chef alcal치 is going
to solve your marriage because that
kind of hours and what do you expect to have
aesthetics with food and all are the
solution of many problems
believe me believe me what was encrypted discs
They are sexy sexy as I am
let's see the following formations
danceable to you